### Deploy the app <h3>
In this step you will deploy the app to Heroku.

Create an app on Heroku, which prepares Heroku to receive your source code:

Now deploy your code:

The application is now deployed. Ensure that at least one instance of the app is running:

Now visit the app at the URL generated by its app name. As a handy shortcut, you can open the website as follows:

### View logs <h3>
Heroku treats logs as streams of time-ordered events aggregated from the output streams of all your app and Heroku components, providing a single channel for all of the events.

### Define a Procfile <h3>
The sample app has an additional Procfile for local development on Microsoft Windows, located in the file Procfile.windows. Later tutorial steps will use this instead: it starts a different web server, one that is compatible with Windows.

### Scale the app <h3>
Right now, your app is running on a single web dyno. Think of a dyno as a lightweight container that runs the command specified in the Procfile.

### Declare app dependencies <h3>
Heroku recognizes an app as a Python app by looking for key files. Including a requirements.txt in the root directory is one way for Heroku to recognize your Python app.

### Run the app locally <h3>
The app is almost ready to start locally. Django uses local assets, so first, you’ll need to run collectstatic:

Now start your application locally using heroku local, which was installed as part of the Heroku CLI.

If you’re on Microsoft Windows system, run this:

### Push local changes <h3>
In this step you’ll learn how to propagate a local change to the application through to Heroku. As an example, you’ll modify the application to add an additional dependency and the code to use it.

Install requests locally:

### Provision add-ons <h3>
Add-ons are third-party cloud services that provide out-of-the-box additional services for your application, from persistence through logging to monitoring and more.

### Start a console <h3>
You can run a command, typically scripts and applications that are part of your app, in a one-off dyno using the heroku run command. It can also be used to launch a REPL process attached to your local terminal for experimenting in your app’s environment:

### Define config vars <h3>
Heroku lets you externalise configuration - storing data such as encryption keys or external resource addresses in config vars.

### Provision a database <h3>
The add-on marketplace has a large number of data stores, from Redis and MongoDB providers, to Postgres and MySQL. In this step you will learn about the free Heroku Postgres add-on that was automatically provisioned when your app was deployed.